Okay.
So now we have a computed property called Unique Organizations, which is a set of strings, unique
strings representing the unique organizations across all of my jobs.
So what I want to do in this lesson is use the V4 directive to iterate over that set of strings and
render a list item for each one.
Previously we hardcoded a bunch of list items here.
Now I want to dynamically generate them based on however many unique organizations I have.
Now, a few things to note here.
A set is technically unordered.
There is no concept of order.
So what that means is we can still iterate over it, but we can't guarantee a deterministic order of
iteration.
When you iterate over an array, you can guarantee yourself that JavaScript is going to go through it
in the same order each time with a set that's not technically guaranteed.
With that said, we don't really care about iterating over the set in any kind of order.
As long as we go over all of its elements, all of its unique organizations, in other words, we should
be good.
Even if the user, for example, refreshes the page and sees the six organizations in a different order
in the checkboxes.
That really doesn't concern me too much because it's not that large of a number and the user really
doesn't care about the order so much as they care about spotting which organization they care about
and clicking that checkbox.
So I'm okay with this approach and using a set for the purposes of uniqueness really helped us solve
this problem pretty simply.
So let's get to it in my job, just your sidebar organization's component.
I'm going to remove my last three list items.
I'm going to keep my first one because I want it to be the basis of my V4 directive.
We have to specify what we want to replicate.
However many times we are iterating.
So I want to replicate this ally for however many unique organizations I have.
So right here I'm going to use the V4 directive and they have to provide a variable and then what I'm
iterating over.
So I want to iterate over every organization in and what do I reference here?
I'm going to reference a set.
All right.
And where am I going to get that set?
And I'm going to get that from my computed property below called Unique Organizations.
And where is that going to get it set?
It's going to get it by talking to the getter, which is going to perform some calculations in the store
state.
I know this logic is now pretty complex, or at least pretty, pretty couple levels deep.
Right.
But I don't think it's super complicated.
It's just multilayered in a sense.
All right.
So whenever we use V4 as a reminder, we have to provide a key attribute, and that represents a unique
identifier by which Vue can identify these different allies and separate them.
So luckily, we are iterating over a set of strings and a set guarantees uniqueness, so we might as
well use each string as our unique identifier.
So right here I'm going to use V bind to bind to the key.
And the reason I'm doing this, of course, is so that I don't give a literal string here.
What I want to provide as my dynamic key is the organization string that I'm iterating over in the current
loop.
So this is going to be one of my six organizations in order.
All right.
That takes care of the lie.
The only thing that's left to do now is to replace some of our old hardcoded values here with our our
new dynamic reference of organization.
So right here, for this ID attribute, I'm going to make this bound.
I'm going to use V bind to bind it to whatever is the value of organization.
So again, this is going to be a string like YouTube or whatever it happens to be.
We're iterating over it.
I'm going to do the same thing for this.
For attribute, we can use V bind to bind to any attribute on any HTML element.
So I want to provide a dynamic value here, which is again going to be whatever organization we have
to be.
We happen to be iterating over in my V for loop and finally instead of hard coding a string, what we're
going to do is dynamically render the organization string that we are iterating over.
All right.
So once again, to reiterate, we can totally use the V4 directive with a set.
We can use it with any kind of editable data structure, like an array, like an object, like a set.
The only thing here is because a set is unordered.
We can't guarantee the order in which view is going to traverse those set elements, but we don't really
care.
So with that, we can transition back to our browser and see if we have what we expect.
And here is my page.
Here is my organization's accordion and tada!
There it is.
So we now have these six unique organizations from the hundred jobs that we received from our mock back
end being rendered right here.
And the beautiful part tomorrow is that if somebody on our mock backend and adds a new job, right,
with a new organization that has not previously been seen before, our logic now is adaptable.
It's simply going to create a set with an additional element.
Our V4 directive is going to iterate over one more element in the set and it's going to render one more
checkbox.
So the design is really flexible no matter how many organizations we have, if we add some, if we lose
some, etc..
And again, one advantage with the getter approach is we've moved a lot of this logic away from our
actual component.
It's now living in that separate index Jast file.
It's tested independently.
It's pretty lightweight.
We just have a single computed property that gets this for us and we just iterate over whatever it returns
to us, right?
So everything is looking really good.
And now, of course, the user can check these.
Nothing is going to happen right now, but that's fine.
We're going to wire all that up later in the course.
All right.
That covers the V4 directive with a set as well as a little bit more on getters.
In the very next lesson, we're going to see how we can test this.